hello
it's roomy and welcome to my room tour
so on the front of my door I actually
had this last time but I found a room
tour but I've got this John Locke poster
so when you come into my room this is
what you see I really love my room and
it hasn't changed that much since I
lasted a room tool but I've been getting
some requests to do another one so on
the back of my door here I've got my
really nice pink coat that my sister got
me I got my dressing down my bed jacket
and a handbag and then if we turn to
this corner here and I do have some
photos up here but I took them down so I
could take them to university but I have
got this invitation which was our the
invite for my 18th birthday party over
the summer okay see then I love this
little station because it's just so
old-fashioned
so I've got this really nice Victorian
writing slope inside here I just keep
loads and loads of photos and then on
top I've got a few little decorations
this rock here is a rock that we got
when we were in Death Valley
okay so then on here again this is very
bad that this is usually my organization
station when I'm back home permanently
so I've just got a weekly good habits
tracker and I keep a pen here a big blue
tact and this usually a meal planner and
thanks to so okay this is my bedside
table and I really love these hanging
lights this is my dad's favorite bit of
my room Ashley really low-hanging notes
with these remnants cat could stand
lampshades so I really love these here
so basically I when my dad printed off a
photocopy of some pages for my favorite
books and just put it behind the lamp
sort of the lights which I'm sorry so
this also Harry Potter and this one's
for my little princess and I've also got
a little packet sticky notes here
because if you ever come up with things
that little thoughts in the night it's
always really nice out somewhere where
you can jot it down so here I'm going to
poster that my dad
when I know someone here but some toys
I've also got a candle I've got this
little chip mug and then in the drawers
here it doesn't pretty messy not gonna
lie but here I've got bookmarks and I've
got toiletries here and this is
miscellaneous things in here I've got
hand sanitizer in here these are kind of
toys I guess add some neat books and
then in the bottom here I've got some
candle sticks some more notebooks and
some electronic events back here now
let's move on to my wardrobe so this is
my wardrobe it's pretty messy at the
moment but up here I've got kind of
outerwear bits and also activewear and
then in here I've got pretty much
anything which is miscellaneous so
things like clip-on collars or ties or
belts down here I've got underwear and
then here I've got trousers and my games
and then down here I've got pajamas then
in the middle section on this door here
you can see that I've hung up some bows
and headbands and things and then this
is the actual hanging apartment of my
wardrobe I've got some card
I keep cardigans in this box here and
then down here I've got jumpers this is
a messy I'm so sorry and down here I had
this is all of my toiletries lastly in
this one here I've got my I've got some
jumpers at the back there because I like
jump in it I would say just like my
levers heady and a Christmas jumper
onesie and bags then both of these are
for skirts and shorts in this one I keep
tops which is again very messy and
bottom one I've got more jumpers
surprise super funny
mum's always sending me off because I
have Syrian jumpers down here I've just
got a few miscellaneous bits so there's
just a folder for finance bits and a box
for penpal supplies so then on this wall
here I've got this Harry Potter poster
and I've got this really really pretty
one which is by Christina Mellon who is
a youtuber who does bullet journaling
and how doodles are just incredible so
down here I keep my youtube silver bleep
play button and these are all macaron
candles and then in this box I've got
lots of electronic supplies so I
basically keep all of my cables in here
just who they don't look really messy on
this wall here I've got my map down
there I also keep a picture of my whole
school from my last year of school so
then here we've got my desk and I'm not
going to go into too much detail at all
just because I probably will from an
updated a store at some point and I've
got desk tours on my channel as well if
you're interested to see how I tend to
organize it and here's just a brief
overview of my desk I really love my
death this is my favorite part of my
room and I just love how I look outside
and this is my view and I study and it's
just incredible it it's really it's
really mindful to be able to count on
then on this windowsill and on the sides
here I've got two candle holders and
this is actually the case last time I've
owned a room tour - but when it's really
sunny I can't keep the candlesticks in
because they start to melt and then they
band and then that basically breaks them
so I've had to take them out and I've
also got three trophies which I won on
parents day last year at school so this
one here is for excellence in English
this is the head girls cup of Honor and
this one is for an outstanding personal
contribution and I'm really sad because
I've actually got to give these back
soon say I like I'm keeping them on
display for as long as I can they and
I've also got this really pretty little
cinnamon ornament that my mum got me for
Christmas I really love this so let's
move on so this is my bookshelf I love
my bookshelf and again I've got
bookshelves tours on my channel already
if you do want to see what see how I
organize it in more depth so then here
I've got this copy sand which my dad
actually made for me so basically I can
put this on my desk when I'm
studying and I want to film and I can
put my camera here on my phone here and
then film downwards so this is coming
really useful for filming study with
news and down here as well I've got some
magazines so National Geographic and The
New Yorker and back there as well I keep
paper ok so now moving on to pretty much
at the end there you know um I've got
this big box here which is where I keep
lots of stationery so I love stationery
I've got much too much stationery and I
keep all of my stationery organized in
this box within ziplock bags I find it's
a really effective way to organize all
of it and then lastly I have got my bed
which I really really love and I have
got this really lovely a head wake hot
water possible on my pillow which my
auntie and cousins got me for Christmas
and this really lovely and throw from
the white company which I have had in
every single one of my room tours that I
filmed I just I love this I love this
blanket I never take it off my bed even
summer yes and then up here I've got
another Hedwig um one of my mum went at
that one 9 and 3/4 she brought this back
for me and I thought it would be quite a
quirky way of displaying it if I just
tightened string to it some wings and
hung it from the rafters so that's that
and when I'm filming I get lots of
comments from people saying is that an
owl in the background and yes it is now
so then up here as well just lastly I've
got two paintings also I've got this one
of a willow tree and then this one of a
raven and it really reminds me of the
poem by Edgar Allan Poe you say I love
both of these yes so that is my room
tour I hope that you enjoyed watching
and I hope that you have a productive
week